ظآزHey, you, you, you, why is it you again?ظآز
ظآزAlways stumbling upon my little secretsظآز
ظآزFalling on my brows, my lashes, even the strands by my mouthظآز
ظآزLike my favorite kitten on a rainy spring afternoonظآز
ظآزHey, you, you, you, why is it you again?ظآز
ظآزYou effortlessly awaken my protective instinctsظآز
ظآزHitting all my little thoughts, my doubts, and my temperظآز
ظآزLike my favorite beer and fried chicken in autumn, or spicy boiled fish in winterظآز
ظآزWhy is it you again? That sweet way you speakظآز
ظآزAs if the whole world knows my mind is full of youظآز
ظآزWhy is it still you? That secret smile behind your cool facadeظآز
ظآزI might as well play along. Let me protect youظآز
ظآزWhy is it always you? The smile at the corner of your lipsظآز
ظآزBefore I knew it, the words blurted out, "I like you. I only like you."ظآز
=Love Has Fireworks=
(Based on "Investment Men and Women" by Hong Er on Jinjiang Literature City)
=Episode 23=
The trash can in my bathroom
Needs emptying.
You've really gotten used to being treated like a king.
I'll fill it right back up later.
Come on. Have some congee to sober up.
Something's going on between you two.
I bet there is.
Right?
Stuff your face.
By the way, I wanted to mention this last night.
I hadn't dealt with Li Yifei much before,
But when I had dinner with him yesterday,
He looked quite familiar.
He's got a common face.
No, that's not it.
Back when I was looking for investors,
I met
The chairman of Qiansheng Group.
And
When I saw him,
I suddenly felt he looked a lot like Li Yifei.
Well...
I can't quite explain it. They look similar.
And his surname is Li...
The chairman of Qiansheng Group also has the same surname.
Li Qiansheng.
Qiansheng. If I remember correctly,
When Wang Ruohai graduated, he really wanted to join them.
He applied three times and got rejected every time. Right?
You're getting ridiculous.
Drink your porridge and sober up.
I'm just saying. You don't have to believe me.
It just suddenly came back to me.
But honestly,
I really think
They look alike.
Stretch to the left.
Up.
Stretch your arm and your waist.
Switch sides.
Alright. That's it for today.
See you all next week.
- See you, Miss Yu. - See you, Miss Yu.
Bye-bye.
Class over?
You're done, too?
Yes.
Were you
Celebrating the Chinese New Year with Jun yesterday?
Yes.
He said he'd told you.
He did.
He told me.
Come in. Have a seat.
Come. Sit.
Tired?
Not really.
I've been thinking.
From now on,
I don't want to interfere in young people's lives anymore.
I just hope we can understand each other.
I only have one son.
Sometimes,
I do things that are a little over the line.
Please be patient with me.
Don't say that, Mrs. Jun.
Starting now,
I'm not going to stop you two anymore.
To be honest, I couldn't stop you anyway.
Parents always give in to their children.
Think about it.
What's the purpose of dating?
It's to get married someday.
Right? Get married and have children.
The only thing
I'm unhappy about
Is that you're not stable enough.
You're always on the move.
A girl
Should have a stable life
And a stable job.
If you can settle down, that would be ideal.
Mrs. Jun.
You've talked to me so many times.
So today, I'll be completely honest with you.
First,
I understand your love for Jun,
But I don't accept it.
Don't accept what?
I don't accept
That you're always trying to change who I am.
Even if I listened to you now
And got a stable job,
If Jun and I got married one day,
Wouldn't you then want me
To change my personality and the way I live my life, too?
And let's say, I listened to everything you said.
I changed everything.
You're completely satisfied. Then I wouldn't be happy.
So why would I want that kind of marriage?
I admit
That I do have feelings for Jun now.
But honestly, those feelings can't survive
All your rules and conditions.
If that's how it's going to be,
I'd rather go back to being friends.
Friends?
Yes.
Please tell him
Not to come looking for me anymore.
And the same goes for you.
She's got such a temper. It's better for them to stay friends.
What are you having for lunch, Landlady?
Nothing. I'm on a diet.
But...
(Da Hong Pao) I just saw you buy eggs.
That super expensive tea again?
Why do you ask so many questions?
The sponsor representative exam requires a systematic study plan.
You have six months left before the exam.
Based on your current level and progress,
I've already made a study plan tailored just for you.
You've already done all that for me?
Exactly.
Go boil some tea eggs.
Then come listen to the lesson.
As you command.
(Da Hong Pao)
ظآزHey, you, you, you, why is it you again?ظآز
ظآزAlways stumbling upon my little secretsظآز
ظآزFalling on my brows, my lashes, even the strands by my mouthظآز
ظآزLike my favorite kitten on a rainy spring afternoonظآز
ظآزHey, you, you, you, why is it you again?ظآز
ظآزYou effortlessly awaken my protective instinctsظآز
ظآزHitting all my little thoughts, my doubts, and my temperظآز
ظآزLike my favorite beer and fried chicken in autumnظآز
ظآزOr spicy boiled fish in winterظآز
ظآزHey, you, you, you, why is it you again?ظآز
ظآزAlways stumbling upon my little secretsظآز
ظآزFalling on my brows, my lashes, even the strands by my mouthظآز
ظآزLike my favorite kitten on a rainy spring afternoonظآز
ظآزHey, you, you, you, why is it you again?ظآز
ظآزYou effortlessly awaken my protective instinctsظآز
ظآزHitting all my little thoughts, my doubts, and my temperظآز
ظآزLike my favorite beer and fried chicken in autumnظآز
ظآزOr spicy boiled fish in winterظآز
ظآزWhy is it you again? That sweet way you speakظآز
ظآزAs if the whole world knows my mind is full of youظآز
ظآزWhy is it still you? That secret smile behind your cool facadeظآز
ظآزI might as well play along. Let me protect youظآز
(Inpatient Department)
Careful.
Be gentle.
Dad,
Everything's been arranged.
Go on in.
(Inpatient Ward ) Your mom's surgery went pretty well,
And she's recovering nicely.
She'd be fine recuperating anywhere.
Bringing her to Shanghai has caused you so much trouble.
It's no trouble at all.
A friend helped arrange everything.
Go take care of Mom.
Hello?
Hello, Shiyu?
Ruohai,
Your mom has arrived?
Yes, she has. Everything went smoothly.
You've arranged everything perfectly.
Thank you so much.
Why are you thanking me?
By the way,
Are you busy?
If not,
Could you stop by and see her?
Ruohai,
I understand you took time off to take care of your mom.
But the company's busy right now.
It's the holiday season, and we're short-staffed.
I can't get away.
The reason I had your mom come to Shanghai to recuperate
Is that we have the best caregivers here.
They know much better than you how to look after a patient.
That way, you can have peace of mind.
People should focus their energy
Where they can create the most value.
What seems like being a caring child
Is actually dragging the whole family down.
I understand.
What I mean is, she's just recovered from a serious illness
And has just arrived in Shanghai.
Everything here is unfamiliar to her.
I just thought
She'd be happy
If you could
Come see her.
Or...
Ms. Liao, the meeting starts in five minutes.
Just a reminder.
Okay.
Remind me again in four minutes.
Alright.
Ruohai, I'm swamped right now.
I still have a meeting later
With several hotel executives.
The hotel scandal hasn't been resolved yet.
I really can't get away right now.
I'll visit your mom when I get the chance, okay?
Alright.
Don't let me keep you.
Hello, Dad.
Hello, Fei?
I need to tell you something.
What is it?
I just found out
That my former superior,
Who arranged a job for me...
His son is in Shanghai, too.
Sometime this week,
Pick up a few things
And visit him.
Former superior? Which one?
You've never mentioned him before.
That was a long time ago.
You were still little then. You wouldn't know him.
I owe him a great deal.
He'll add you on WeChat later.
Make sure you accept it.
(Yuan Feng has sent you a friend request.)
(Yuan Feng)
(I'm Yuan Feng. You can find everything about me in Moments.)
Moments?
"My height is 1.75 meters.
Stable job.
Not a Shanghai native, but I've obtained Shanghai residency.
Planning to buy a car this year.
Enjoy sports. No bad habits."
Is Dad trying to set me up on a blind date?
(Delete)
Home, sweet home.
Good food,
And I can play games after dinner.
Dad, Mom, come on. Let's eat.
Alright. Coming.
Jun doesn't seem heartbroken at all.
Shut up.
Keep observing.
Something feels off.
Dad, why aren't you putting food on Mom's plate?
Mom, how come you're not nagging me?
Are you two having problems?
Mom, don't tell me
Dad has someone else outside?
Watch your mouth.
As long as nothing's wrong. Let's eat.
Are things going well with Dang?
Yes, very well.
Mom, thanks to your support.
You're the best.
He gives a drumstick. Eat it.
Why weren't you online?
At the bar?
Should I come pick you up later?
Want some late-night supper?
How about pan-fried dumplings?
Why isn't she replying?
What are you doing?
Jun.
Why don't you stay at the dorm tonight?
I just got home. Why are you kicking me out again?
You've been
So busy lately.
Running around all day for work.
Aren't you tired?
I get it.
You two think I'm annoying now, right?
Fine.
I'll be right there.
Dad.
Point taken.
I'm leaving.
Honey,
You're worried he'll make a scene
After breaking up, right?
Would he dare?
But if he really argues with me,
Who do you think suffers the most?
Me.
At least you know.
Right?
Anyway, that's how things are.
Since your mom didn't tell you,
I'll tell you now.
From now on, we're just friends.
Yu,
Don't take whatever she said seriously.
I like you. I want to be with you.
Honestly,
None of those things matter to me.
Being with you really makes me happy.
But I can't accept a marriage
That puts me in chains.
And you can't change
Your mom's mind either.
So let's leave it at that.
From now on, I'm Po Ming, and you're Great Chancellor.
We can still play games together.
My ride's here. I'm leaving.
Dad! Mom! I know you're home!
Open the door!
You took my key away. How childish can you be?
Honey,
Judging by his tone,
Dang must've told him
Everything.
Can you stop talking?
I can.
Mom!
I know why you kicked me out.
We need to talk.
Mom!
Honey,
You meant well.
Why not let him in and explain everything clearly?
I'll open the door.
Where are you going?
Do you think I can explain myself right now?
No matter what I say, I'll end up being that bad guy.
From today on,
I'm done interfering.
He can figure it out himself.
There, there. Don't be angry, honey.
(Precious Son)
It's Jun calling.
You should answer it.
Mom, I heard your phone ringing.
(Precious Son)
The number you've dialed is currently unavailable.
Look.
He sent you a message.
(Mom, what matters more? Your pride in being a local, or my happiness?)
(If it's the former, then don't force that onto me.)
(If it's the latter, then let me pursue it my own way.)
Look at him. What kind of attitude is that?
How could he talk to me like that?
He's being so aggressive.
How could you talk to your mom like that?
You're being too aggressive!
I'm going to beat you up.
I scolded him.
He's gone downstairs.
Everyone has to go through the pain of love at some point.
Don't worry, honey.
He'll get over it.
That little brat
Is actually leaving.
First day back to work in the new year. I'll give you a ride.
Do I have to pay for gas?
That depends on what we have for dinner.
I won't be home for dinner tonight.
I can tell.
All dressed up.
What? Where are you going? Who are you having dinner with?
What's this?
You're bringing a makeup bag to work?
What's going on?
What's with that reaction?
I'm a woman.
Bringing a makeup bag to work is perfectly normal.
Normal?
Since when did you bring a makeup bag to work?
When have you touched up your makeup?
Don't bring it.
Look at you.
You're bundled up like a bear.
Bringing a makeup bag is pointless.
Put it away.
It's a hidden surprise, okay?
What's with that look?
I'm just shocked by how flashy you are.
What is this? It's freezing outside.
Why are your legs bare?
What's the idea?
Now I know why you're wrapped in a down jacket.
Afraid you'll freeze your legs off?
You noticed quite a lot
In just a few seconds.
You don't need to get all dolled up to go to work.
Put on something else.
I don't want to.
I want to dress up nicely for work.
I'm doing it for myself and out of respect for my job.
Is that okay?
I learned it from a fashion magazine.
You gave me that magazine.
Why does it look good on the model
But not on me?
Yes, you do look good.
But you're such a tomboy.
Everyone's used to
Seeing you that way.
If you suddenly show up looking like this,
Productivity at your office will drop.
Go change.
Don't jinx it. I don't want to.
Then you're not taking the down jacket off today.
No! I'll die of heat!
Don't take it off. You'll affect workplace productivity.
How are people supposed to work and focus?
How's anyone supposed to hit their targets today?
(Shanlifang Hotel Group)
We're the first ones here.
Don't take it off.
You're trying to roast me alive?
You won't roast. The AC is broken.
How do you know?
It's broken when I said it is.
Don't take it off.
What if you freeze?
I said don't take it off. Put it back on.
Happy?
Don't take it off.
Can I at least take off the scarf?
(Yuan Feng: Hi, I'm Yuan Feng.)
(I've learned the basics about you. Are you free to meet after work today?)
(Sorry, things are hectic with my project. I'll reach out once things settle down.)
(Shanlifang Hotel Group)
Qian Fei.
Why is it so cold in here?
The air conditioner is broken.
I'll call property management.
No need. There's a note there.
(Repairs scheduled for tomorrow) They'll fix it tomorrow.
Stay warm.
We're fine. We're all bundled up.
Don't catch a cold.
You're the one dressed lightly. Don't get sick.
Look at that bruise on his face.
You really hit...
Almost forgot the important thing.
Give this to Ms. Fang.
Sure.
Wear more clothes.
You really hit him hard.
That bruise has been there for days.
He didn't go easy on me either.
Then why is your face spotless?
Because someone treated my wounds.
Right?
You!
(Shining Jin)
(This girl looks familiar.)
(It's her.)
(I didn't know Li Yifei knew)
(such a big influencer.)
(They're pretty close.)
(Yuan Feng)
Qian Fei,
You've been looking amazing lately.
A different look every day.
Today's outfit is pure, yet charming.
You shouldn't be in investment banking.
You should be an influencer.
You'd surely go viral.
Me? An influencer?
I'd scare everyone away.
Nonsense.
I'm off.
Bye-bye.
Qian Fei, you dressed up so nicely.
Are you going to see your boyfriend?
I'm meeting an old classmate.
How old?
What do you mean?
An old classmate. How old?
I'm going on a blind date.
I knew it.
All dressed up and looking flashy.
It's obviously a blind date.
Are you trying to make the guy think
You're really looking forward to meeting him?
It's called showing respect, okay?
Can you stop meddling in my business?
Go find your girlfriend.
Find who?
What girlfriend?
I'm talking about your blind date...
Excuse me. Thank you.
I'm coming with you.
I'll help screen the guy.
You're seriously that bored?
Bored?
This isn't child's play. This is a blind date.
I'm coming with you.
You just want to gossip.
Do I look like the gossiping type?
"Master for one day, father forever."
Have you heard that saying?
My beloved apprentice is going on a blind date.
Shouldn't I be concerned?
Li Yifei, what's wrong with you?
Why are you so involved in my blind date?
Me? So involved?
What?
You have so many pretty women around you.
Why are you making a fuss over me?
Fine. I won't go. What's the big deal?
What are you so smug about?
I didn't expect you to be this beautiful in person.
You're prettier than the photo
Your dad showed me.
You're too kind, Mr. Yuan.
You can call me Yuan Feng.
I believe
You've seen my Moments.
You probably know the basics about me.
Like you, I'm not a Shanghai native.
But I have a Shanghai household registry.
It's in Pudong.
I work at a public institution
As a permanent staff.
It's just that I don't own a place in Shanghai yet.
But I heard you do.
I think
We're actually a great match.
Look. I have a household registry, and you have the apartment.
When we have kids in the future,
School enrollment won't be a problem.
Are you okay?
I'm fine.
Well, this is our first time meeting.
We don't have to be so formal.
We can start as friends.
Sure, sure.
I'm just a practical person.
To be honest,
I'm here with marriage in mind.
It's a blind date, after all.
We should at least get some basic things out of the way.
Or there's not much point in talking further.
And it gives the matchmaker an answer.
Especially your dad, he has expectations.
That's true.
Do you have any requirements for me?
Go ahead and tell me.
Requirements?
I don't have any.
If I had to say something,
I'd want someone with good character,
Ambition, and someone who respects their parents.
(Alipay)
Qian Fei,
I don't know what impression you have of me,
(Start ordering) but I have a good impression of you.
I'll level with you. I had a girlfriend before.
We were together for a long time.
We were about to get married.
Then she cheated on me and ran off with someone else.
Sorry.
Where were we?
Trust issue, right?
Yes.
Don't be shy.
Just say
Whatever's on your mind.
The moment you sat down, you kept offering me food.
I've eaten five slices of cake
And had three drinks.
Go ahead.
What's the biggest insurance package you're selling right now?
Do I look like I sell insurance?
Then what?
You're after my beauty?
Well, it's not impossible.
Right.
I sell
Gym memberships.
We're running a promotion.
Take a look.
Selling memberships?
Yes.
Have a look.
See if you're interested.
We're kind of in the same boat.
I've been through something similar.
Really?
Since we had been through the same thing,
We're kind of fated.
What nonsense is that?
You mean me?
No, no.
Please carry on.
Then you should understand
That a relationship without marriage as a guarantee
Is terrifying.
What exactly do you mean by guarantee?
If we become a couple,
I think we should try a trial marriage first.
A trial marriage?
But what does that have to do
With your ex cheating on you?
Here's how I see it.
If we live together,
We won't be able to hide
Our strengths and weaknesses.
That way, we'll know whether
We're really right
For marriage.
So basically, you just want to move in together, right?
Yes.
You don't have anything planned after dinner, right?
Why don't you come over to my place?
I bet plenty of women have been to your place.
No, you've got it wrong.
It's because I never met the right person,
So I kept going on blind dates.
Now that I have you,
I won't need blind dates anymore.
So you're just taking me over to show me where you live?
Qian Fei,
If you truly accept me,
You can stay over tonight.
I know it's a rental,
But the bed is a queen.
There's plenty of room for both of us.
Where are you going?
I'm going home.
We haven't finished dinner.
Why don't we sit down and talk?
I don't think there's anything left to talk about.
Are you messing with me?
Why are you grabbing me?
Let go!
Am I being too nice to you?
Let go.
Watch your mouth.
Who are you?
What's it to you?
If you're trying to take advantage of her,
Come up with a better excuse.
Talk about black holes or something.
That'll make you sound educated.
What trust issue nonsense?
I'll tell you what. You're a creep!
Well said.
Go on. Feel free to add a few more.
Forget it. I'm too lazy to waste words on him.
Say what you really want to say.
You work for a government institution, don't you?
Does your boss know you're such a scumbag?
What are you talking about?
Do you think a guy like him has a respectable job?
So you two know each other?
Qian Fei, you brought your pretty boy
To our blind date?
Who are you calling a pretty boy?
Say that again.
Come on.
Qian Fei.
Say it again.
Fine. You've got guts. Just wait.
Qian Fei, I'll remember this.
Just you wait.
Are you okay?
I didn't expect someone so handsome to have such a fierce side.
Give me your number.
I...
I'll consider signing up
If you're my personal trainer.
Personal trainer?
You?
Li Yifei.
Do you have violent tendencies or something?
What nonsense are you talking about?
I'm a peach. Everyone loves me. Flowers bloom when they see me.
Cars get flat tires for me.
You beat up everyone you see.
Hey.
Tell me, that fellow with glasses today,
And Wang Ruohai,
Which one of them was acting like a decent human being?
I was doing society a favor, okay?
You...
Wait. I was helping you.
How come you're scolding me instead?
I was teasing you.
But why are you angrier
Than I am?
Listen.
Stop going on blind dates with these ridiculous guys. Got it?
You're way too naive.
You keep giving people the chance to take advantage of you.
Hold on.
What?
Um,
Why do you care about me so much?
I...
Because
I'm your master.
It's perfectly natural for a master to care about his apprentice.
Right?
As for you,
Are you that desperate to get married?
Didn't you just get out of a relationship?
And now you're rushing off to blind dates already?
It's not like I want to.
Forget it.
What's wrong with me?
I haven't even finished paying off my mortgage.
Work is my true love.
Career first. Love can get lost.
Great. I just shot myself in the foot.
What?
Nothing.
Come on. Let's go home.
Are you cold?
No.
No?
Even if you were, it's fine.
Because I've got thick skin?
Fei.
Jin?
What are you doing here?
We had plans tonight,
And you suddenly said you weren't coming.
I was worried you might be sick.
I asked Zihao,
And he said you live here,
So I thought I'd try my luck.
Uh, she's Jin.
Hi, I'm Qian Fei.
I'm Li Yifei's colleague.
Act normal.
She's also my landlady.
I've seen you before.
Outside the karaoke bar that night.
You two talk. I'll head inside first.
Fei.
You come from a well-off family.
Why do you need to share an apartment with someone?
Well-off family?
Zihao told you this?
Didn't he tell you
That I don't like people bringing up my family?
I especially don't like it when people show up at my place
Without telling me first.
It's awkward.
I'm sorry. I was being thoughtless.
I was just worried about you.
And
Am I really just "someone else" to you?
There's actually something I've wanted to ask you.
Why was the person you spent Chinese New Year's Eve with
Your landlady?
Just because she got drunk,
And you had to take her home?
Didn't you say you hated women who drank
And made fools of themselves?
Jin,
I don't think that's any of your business.
=Love Has Fireworks= (Next Episode Preview)
What does she even see in you?
She likes you because you're a broke guy who only rents rooms?
Qian Fei.
Be honest with me.
Are you jealous?
Fei.
I don't think
Gossip is the best way to distract the public.
We should let them vent
And face their mistakes head-on.
That's a good point.
Just what I'd expect from an elite investment banker.
You hit the nail on the head.
I don't think the Shanlifang joint sponsorship team
Will need your services for the time being.
How come?
ظآزThere's no need to know the ending from the startظآز
ظآزLet the melody play through the chords with the windظآز
ظآزThere's no need to keep every promise from the pastظآز
ظآزLeave some surprises for the unknown in lifeظآز
ظآزThere's no need to force things between two peopleظآز
ظآزPerhaps I'll feel alone, yet still find you there for meظآز
ظآزThere's no need to dwell on right or wrong, nor fearظآز
ظآزA hug means more than countless apologiesظآز
ظآزI'll send you into the wide worldظآز
ظآزTo live with passion and become who you truly areظآز
ظآزA quiet shoulderظآز
ظآزLike a harbor waiting for your wandering soulظآز
ظآزI'll wait for the day you return to a simpler lifeظآز
ظآزThe lights of home warm the nightظآز
ظآزA companionship that lasts foreverظآز
ظآزShining brightly like the stars and the moon on highظآز
ظآزI'll send you into the wide worldظآز
ظآزTo live with passion and become who you truly areظآز
ظآزA quiet shoulderظآز
ظآزLike a harbor waiting for your wandering soulظآز
ظآزI'll wait for the day you return to a simpler lifeظآز
ظآزThe lights of home warm the nightظآز
ظآزA companionship that lasts foreverظآز
ظآزShining brightly like the stars and the moon on highظآز